Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, regular creates the comic books.
Okay, now, first of all, what we can do is you can see currently this comment is endless.
Okay.
And what we can do is can specify how many comment we need to do this.
We need to go back to our code and then to the list view that view there.
Then this view the view that has a property known as item count.
And for the now we can just say we need six comments.
Okay.
Yes.
Country and save and.
Okay.
Over here.
We're going to have just Cece comments you're going to see shortly.
Okay.
You can see now we have one, two, two, four, five, six.
Now, what are we going to do in this?
This are going to be the comment box.
Okay.
Now, to do this, you can see over here, we're basically using the live star in a that's a loop over
each item which use that are going to be coming to the right.
And we basically want to display them.
And over here we are using the expanded widgets now, therefore this to take the available space.
Okay.
And then that's a hard that's come works.
We need to come out from the list view to do that right.
And as well the expanded widgets and over here you can then hard to cover okay now the first widgets
are going to be isn't is something known as divider.
Okay?
We're basically using this divider in order to have a line that is separate all this and.
The next widgets we're going to be using.
I can't use country and save.
And okay, probably, you know, going to see this.
Okay.
Now, all we can do is this divider has a property known as color.
And you can see colors that gray.
Okay.
And.
We can add cover and as well, the divider has a property known as thickness, which is similar to the
width property.
And we can see we want one either to cover and use contra and that's to save.
Okay.
You win.
See the way now.
Okay.
And now we're going to need to create the comment box.
To do this, we are going to be using the least II widget this time.
And as you know, the list that has the leading property, which is going to be at the left and the
title property, which is going to be at the middle and the trailing property which is going to be on
the right side.
Okay.
Now, what we need to use now is the tie to and for the title.
It is going to be a test for field, which is similar to the test field.
Okay.
And now we can have a decoration and a box decoration.
So in other words, the corruption but impedes.
The Christian.
Okay.
Great.
And now we can have a level test.
Which is going to say comment okay Ajit to cover and use cloture and as to save.
And you're going to see it over there.
Okay.
You can see now, we basically don't need this.
Just get rid of this.
I was just trying to show you.
Okay.
And now we can as well have the liberal arts tie.
That is tie this we just have.
And this would be test tie.
Okay.
We can say font size to 19 or 18, 18 is okay and we can as we'll give you a call or two, I think,
call us the white.
Okay.
We can also specify the fonts which gets the fonts weeds.
Funds, which we don't want to be that broad because can a 500 and how do you cover use culture and
obsessive.
Okay.
You're going to sit now.
Great.
And what we can do is over a year we then need to send button.
Okay.
You can just ideas more here, which we can.
How did you convert?
Okay.
And this is for the test for field.
Right.
Okay.
Now, we need to come out from AIDS and then have the trailer.
And the trailer is going to be.
It is going to be a test.
Test, but it.
Okay.
You can see it has the child property.
The child property is going to be accessed widgets and this is going to cease and.
Look at the and as well.
It is your press property.
You can see now that has gone.
Okay.
And now we can use control and ask to see if you're going to sit at the right side.
You can see the way we can as well as try this.
You can see it.
Test tie.
Says Try and color his movie colors.
Dark white.
Okay.
But the test is going to be white.
Okay, great.
Now, all we need to do next is when we click on this.
We don't want this caller to do that.
The test, the AP decryption has something known as for course, for cross border.
And it's going to be outline.
Hotline.
Hotline, the.
And you can ask me for the border side or the border side.
Going to be border.
Side as well.
We can easily just get rid of it and we can get rid of it.
You just have to say put aside the that's.
That?
No.
Okay.
I did see the coma and.
Now you can see is not visible because you can't see anything again.
Now I said, Oh, this, we can have the other side and we just want to change the colour to call us
dark red.
Okay.
How did you come to in this country?
And has to save.
Okay.
You can see when whenever you click on this.
You just had a digital camera.
Okay.
Probably we don't need.
A border.
You can just see, but.
But aside.
What a side that.
No.
And.
Addition of power.
Okay.
Now, Jeter's home field as well has the border.
So it's in the empty declaration, right?
Okay.
The border.
And it's going to be hot line.
At in the.
Okay.
Is NSC Digital Core.
I think this is okay.
Yeah.
Is a are of the K and then you can click on send.
Okay.
Now lastly, you know that to get the input of the user, we need to had something known as test editing
controller.
So over here we can't create a final variable and we can call this, we can just go to the specify the
type.
It is a type of test and it's controller and you can call this variable comment.
Controller is required to test lower making this.
We are using the underscore in the notes and make this variable private.
So we are not going to be able to be affected this way.
But our side is fine.
I'm just going to do this again.
Quickly, test that it's in controller.
Test it.
It's in control.
Okay.
This country needs to see that.
In essence, it is to bind Israel to that test the field.
Okay.
Within the test field.
The test for fuel as well has.
Okay.
Israel has the control of property.
And it's going to be.
Comments are.
Coca-Cola, okay, U.S.A. and that's to say they can just say this as far afield as you, which.
Okay.
This is basically it's okay, guys.
See you in the next picture.